# Question 1

Each strategy is represented as a class deriving from `strats::Strategy` which defines two pure virtual methods:
- `getChoice() -> Choice`
- `giveResult(Payoff yourPayoff, Choice opponentsChoice) -> void`.
Each derived class is expected to hold its own state, although the base `strats::Strategy` class holds a `protected` constant reference to the parsed CLI parameters should they be needed.

The `Game` class then uses these strategies through polymorphism to run a number of rounds between two strategies. The number of rounds can be passed in via the CLI parameter `--rounds N`.

Strategies can be selected via the CLI parameter `--strategies ALLC,ALLD...`.
The `Tournament` class runs a round-robin tournament between all selected strategies, storing every completed game to calculate total/average payoffs later.
Each pair of strategies plays `--repeats N` times, incrementing the seed for each repeat.

`--seed` can be used to set the seed for the random number generator used by strategies that require randomness. Each repeated tournament with the same seed will yield the same results.

The average payoff for each pair of strategies is given based on the `--format` selected and whether `--save` is given (else the results are printed to stdout).

The console output is given below with no save path and the `text`format. When printed to console with text format, the average payoffs would be coloured from red (low) to green (high) using ANSI escape codes.
The parsed arguments will be logged to console regardless of output format or save path.
```
rounds: 100
repeats: 10
epsilon: 0
seed: 7
payoffs: {T: 5, R: 3, P: 1, S: 0}
strategies: [ALLC, ALLD, TFT, GRIM, PAVLOV, RND0.3, RND0.7]
format: TEXT
savePath:
loadFile:
evolve: false
population: 100
generations: 50
mutationRate: 0.01
verbose: false

Score Matrix:
         ALLC   ALLD    TFT   GRIM PAVLOV RND0.3 RND0.7
  ALLC:  3.00   0.00   3.00   3.00   3.00   0.86   2.16
  ALLD:  5.00   1.00   1.04   1.04   1.04   2.13   3.76
   TFT:  3.00   0.99   3.00   3.00   3.00   1.77   2.61
  GRIM:  3.00   0.99   3.00   3.00   3.00   2.27   3.78
PAVLOV:  3.00   0.99   3.00   3.00   3.00   1.80   2.56
RND0.3:  4.42   0.72   1.80   0.72   1.84   1.82   3.30
RND0.7:  3.56   0.31   2.63   0.39   2.57   1.28   2.61

Average Scores:
  GRIM: 2.72
   TFT: 2.48
PAVLOV: 2.48
  ALLC: 2.15
  ALLD: 2.15
RND0.3: 2.09
RND0.7: 1.91

Tournament completed successfully.
```

As seen above, GRIM, TFT and PAVLOV are the top 3 strategies in this noiseless scenario.